But this time kreisky tesla works
Courier shopping fleming
Leichsenring existenz drinkers from that
professionals on my skin he production and
production is as in velen with
head premiums
this has had ta express had the ok
in the sky, emerson something taxis
vodka bidding process jula
These are latte macchiato sweets
and this with an additive called
isomalt yes tastes just as good as right
sugar does not say who value cookie
I do not understand any more valuable times
Alcohol exactly and you can taste it already
quite characteristic that stuff
almost tastes like such talkies
caramel this is definitely a big one
fan of coffee drink is that
maybe this is for you already
a bit of coffee in there but that's it
rather it is rather very caramel let yourself
I want to say I'm not like that now
many latte macchiato drunk latte
macchiato caramel
I would have wanted that we would
throw you loose sweets leave the
knowledge
and then